what's up gasps my name's Jim za za
welcome to my map highlight on it
express now if you don't know what my
map highlights either basically a video
on a little tips little tricks and
search and destroy plants pots on each
map now I could Hydra on my channel if
you want to go check that out and I
covered that a few days ago and there's
some little spots you can use in search
and destroy that actually quite helpful
now I'm going to head over to be bonfire
because this is more popular bomb site
on this map so what we're going to do is
we're going to start off with a basic
plum sat plant spot which is on this
corner here now this corner here you can
cover it from this direction obviously
these stairs over very commonplace for
someone to sit so you don't really want
to sit there too often you can come back
here and cover it from here you can see
the top of the bottom you're gonna be
able to see if someone layers down there
you can also sit behind here watch from
their spawn if you know the coming from
that spot spawn direction or you can sit
here and watch from your spawn again you
don't really want to be sitting in this
mid area you can keep yourself moving
there if you go up to these stairs and
then wrote it back around it's got make
sure you're not going to get flanked
from their spawn otherwise you're going
to get hurt very quickly you can also
cover it from inside this building which
is a very another very common spot
obviously you can get flank from behind
and shot from entry so you just got be
careful sit behind here like this if you
can hear something defusing the bomb go
out and kill them so we got another
plant spot on B which I'll bring to you
in a second alright guys we're back on
bead bomb we were going to just cover
the basic bong pipe bomb plants first so
we're going to go into this corner again
obviously this corner isn't as a as much
of an advantage you can't actually see
the bomb from this one you can't cover
from down here and you can come over to
this point and see the bomb and but the
only problem with that is too exposed
here so if if someone comes running down
here they're going to see you in that
corner relatively easy so I wouldn't
suggest doing that what I'd suggest is
coming over here and watch him from this
direction you can kind of see up top to
the train tracks but not too much again
there's this spot here which is
impenetrable if you know the coming from
spawn these glass parts here
impenetrable so you can watch from this
direction and have the ability to come
out and shoot a mid again if you're
going to use this spot you can very
vulnerable from these two mid areas so
you just gotta watch out for that
I've got another bomb spot plant spot
for you on be so bear with me all right
guys we're back on be bomb we're going
to get you to do this time is plant here
and this is a good plant spot obviously
you have to watch out from here and here
because these two spots here going to be
relatively easy to kill you you can
watch it from this direction if you
Nuala coming from your spawn and
obviously if they're going to be coming
from this one you can come up come
around right here like this and you can
have the height advantage but again you
can also come up here and just sit here
and watch here as they if they come up
here at any point at any time you can be
able to see them first but I wouldn't
suggest doing that we've got another
bumpers part for you on be so bear with
me all right guys this is more advanced
pot plant spot for PC users we want to
do is on a planet on this corner again
watching out for these areas because you
can be shot very easily what you want to
do is you want to come over here jump
through this jump up here jump up here
and basically peek out like this you can
see the bomb spot there the slightest
bit if you peek out a bit more you can
see a bit easier because of the field of
view restrictions and but another way of
doing that bum plant spot is actually
rotating all the way around so you come
through these stairs come around here
come over the over the train and
actually watch it from up here if you're
going to do this I'd suggest you know
where the matter the enemies are or
getting a friend to already be playing
with you and have the ability to cover
it from there I've got another bomb spot
on be for you guys so bear with me all
right guys we're back on be planning
again this is another more advanced
plant spot because you can have to watch
out for where the enemies are you going
to undo our map awareness are just doing
these plants pots with either UAV or a
visa of some kind of aerial systems but
you can come up here and obviously see
the palm from up here you're not going
to if you're going to if you're going to
come up here they very expert so watch
out for these spots and there again this
area here this building because this
building is a high-traffic building
obviously we've air bomb site just
around the corner you can have to watch
out for enemies rotating but if you know
they're coming from spawn area come come
over here easily take them out and what
they're going to think is is using
either in lower trains and they're not
going to realize so you can do after
that is you can come down into trains
and obviously cover it from over here
through and come through here and then
basically wind around it's better to do
that with friendlies guys so just keep
that in mind all right guys for the
first plants part I'm going to get you
to plan it on top of the bomb again if
people are going to be defusing the bomb
they're gonna have to come up and at
least stand up for when the command Eve
use it they're not going to be able to
go straight to prune what you want to do
is you want to come over here and just
watch it from up here you can see the
bomb easily you can just peek out like
this on PC I'll just peek like this on
xbox without lidly so it's very easily
done you can also pick from this area
just keep yourself nice and hidden
keeping you away from that area there
because that's at another high traffic
area where the enemies may come in from
from your spawn and just watching out
for this train track as well because
sometimes enemies across the train track
from be just jump straight inside there
so we've got another bomb site on here
so just bear with me all right guys back
on a what what I need to do is confront
this corner here to relatively easy the
plant just got watch out watch out again
you can actually come and lay down here
and I wouldn't really suggest doing this
too much because you're a static object
and people are going to notice you there
is a few ways of making yourself look
dead though with the black hat but if
enemies are coming from your spawning
you just watching it from here you're
going to be able to ease the tix some
people out up in that building but again
as soon as you start shooting stand up
because you're not gonna be able to move
too much because the purim block alright
guys we're back over a what I want you
to do is this time is come plant here
directly in front of this this building
here obviously if you're going to be sat
in here you should have to watch out for
the be wrote it because people are going
to jump through this this trim to do it
all the time all do is just simply cross
the trade route jump up and come through
here so you can have to be careful of
this so you can put something like a
bouncing betty down something along then
lines to protect you or you can even
come up and cover it from up here again
you can have to watch out for these
areas where they're going out like
snipers or assault rifles and even SMGs
work very well from long distances so
you can have to watch out you can sit
here if you've got awareness on and then
just come when the coming to plant and
diffuse just just kill them so I got
another plant spot guys I hope you
enjoyed that alright guys we're back on
a bond
like the last planet spot I've got you
for you guys is this one here basically
what you want to do you want to come
over here and see in here obviously this
is an area that's going to be checked
quite often especially if they're coming
out of this tree in here but if you just
see people coming up from up there and
up there then basically all you have to
do is jump up into this building and
just sit in just sit in if you by
yourself and there's like three guides
left just sit yourself in if you've got
any stuns just casual and throw them
down every few few seconds and just
check every five seconds no one's
defusing the bomb so what you want to do
is just want to lay down check lay down
check lay down check keep doing that
until you win the round so I hope you
enjoyed this first episode on the Search
and Destroy elite four map highlight if
you did leave a like leave a comment on
what I can improve on because this is
the only second episode I've done on
this and I'm still learning how to go
about doing these lives so I hope you
enjoyed it guys if you did leave a
comment and just tell me what I make
improve on and tell me what map you want
next thanks for watching guys